hey have you read Marley & Me yeah said
why is it 10 you don't know what happens
no that's why I'm reading it was the
dogged idea no I'm not saying anything
how much I had left I was thinking you'd
come stay with me
it's ok if I tell we're trying to get
pregnant that's great yeah I say we are
because it's not sexist that way right
that's what you told me yeah I can't
wait to be the creepy gay uncle
you're hired well last I heard you moved
to LA to be an actor yeah and I hear I
want to ask her Oh surprise I'm gonna
back from the dead what are you doing
here um one of the boys show up it's
Dyke night sweetie
that's what Dyke night you're my brother
and we're supposed to be there for each
other I'm tired of you acting like
you're the healthy one and I'm your
special needs kids I get depressed about
my life so me not a famous actor I Got
News for you no one's a famous actor
George Clooney's a famous actor okay
George Clooney I guess that's one
exception let me go ten years without
talking once probably I was talking
about now you tell me a secret
I slept with my scuba instructor Maggie
wouldn't it be easier just to tell Lance
you're not ready to have a kid am I
gonna do I told somebody that I was in
town don't freak out
Wow know what you need to take the edge
off standing here beside your buddy
don't walk so much to give you my heart
Neffe
what
I say you put on something pretty we're
going out
dad we've told us to stick together no
matter what
we should have a dude's day I think your
version of dudes day and my version
totally different huh awesome awesome I
have a very serious question for you
mm-hmm will you go to prom with me